Unit 1: Travelling

Karen: Hello Tommy. Can you tell me which places you have visited?
Tommy: I have been to a few countries in Europe and Asia.
Karen: Which country do you like best?
Tommy: Hmm ... I can't decide. I like Germany because the castles and palaces are beautiful. I also enjoyed the activities in England. My dream was to visit my favourite football club and I did that! I also watched an exciting tennis match at Wimbledon in London. Those were amazing experiences.
Karen: Where would you like to go next?
Tommy: I would like to visit Australia because there are kangaroos and koalas. My uncle who lives in Sydney also told me that the beaches there are beautiful. I want to go swimming there. But I don't think I will go there this year because my family is planning a trip to Tokyo. My sisters want to go shopping and my dad loves the food there! I'm looking forward to going to the theme park most because I love riding roller coasters.
Karen: When do you usually travel?
Tommy: We like to travel in August because my sisters and I don't have to go to school. We can have a longer vacation.

---

Unit 2: Freddy's Job

Freddy's Job
Reviewer: Tony Leung
Length: 106 mins
Category: I

Freddy's Job is American filmmaker Joe Leung's latest production. This work of his is a comedy filmed in Hong Kong combined with animated animals. The film is about Freddy's adventures at Charlie's Sweets, a famous chocolate factory. Freddy is a guard dog there. One night, he meets a cat called Fatty, some thieves and a girl at a factory...

The funniest part of the film is when Freddy first meets Fatty the big white cat. Their conversation is funny. Together, they think of a clever plan to catch the thieves. The chase is exciting and the music matches perfectly with the scenes.

Actors Carrie White and Jason Brown are great as usual. The main character — the dog that plays Freddy — is smart and lovely. In fact, that was why I went to watch this film in the first place.

Although I had a good laugh, I think the film is too long. I think the last fifteen minutes is a bit boring. Apart from that, Freddy's Job is creative, funny, and worth watching. It is a film that children will enjoy.

---

Unit 3: Just one second

28th June 20XX
Sunny

Dear diary,

I was so nervous this morning because today was the swimming gala. I represented my class in the 50-metre freestyle race. I hurt my shoulder two months ago so I had to stop training for a while. I was worried that my injury would affect my performance but it didn't. I have to thank my coach and doctor for taking good care of me.

I was in front for half the race but in the last 10 metres, my legs got tired so I slowed down. Mary touched the wall just before me. Her finish time was 35 seconds and mine was one second slower. Although I did not win, I was still happy with my results because I broke my own record! My parents jumped and cheered for me too.

At the end of the swimming gala, some parents dived in the pool to have a race too. We cheered Peggy's dad on, but he came last. He's unfit because he hasn't exercised for a long time. The swimming gala ended at 5 p.m.

Mum and Dad were so proud of me that they took me for pizza and ice cream later that evening to celebrate. It was a wonderful day.

---

Unit 4: Let's party!

Kitty: I'm looking forward to the birthday party tomorrow. Ken's last birthday party was so much fun. My brother, Eric and I made a birthday card together yesterday. But we're still thinking about what to buy. What present will you give him this year?
Lisa: I bought a toy car. I also plan to give him some cookies. It's a different recipe from last year so I hope they are softer this time. By the way, how will you get to the venue? Is the restaurant near the MTR station?
Kitty: Yes, it's just opposite our school. What time are you going? The party starts at 10 a.m.
Lisa: I have a piano lesson in the morning so I'll be late. But I'll arrive at noon because I don't want to miss the magic show.
Kitty: I'll arrive on time. I wonder what cake we will have this year. Last year, it was shaped like a rocket. It was awesome!
Lisa: I think it might be in the shape of Maxi this year because Ken loves that robot so much!
Kitty: Really? Thanks, Lisa. I know what to buy for Ken now. Ha ha!

---

Unit 5: Uncommon clothing

Some jobs require special types of clothes and accessories, for example, a firefighter. A firefighter is a person who puts out fires. This job is very dangerous and therefore firefighters must wear special protective uniforms.

When firefighters put out a fire, they wear full gear. These include a jacket and trousers. They are made of fireproof material to reflect heat. These clothes have reflective stripes on the waist, arms and legs. These bars glow in the dark, which helps other firefighters see them in heavy smoke.

They wear gloves and boots that are also fireproof and waterproof. Helmets protect their heads from fire, heat and falling objects. Helmets can be fitted with a torch.

They also wear a special belt. This belt carries important tools such as an axe. If a fire is big and smoky, they can wear another piece of equipment to help them breathe. These are air tanks which are carried on their backs. Firefighters can then breathe through a mask which protects their eyes and face.

Firefighters need these clothing items and equipment to protect them when saving people from fire.

---

Unit 6: The Wrong Train

The Wrong Train

Last week, Aunt Annie came to Hong Kong for vacation. She stayed in a hotel in Hung Hom. We invited her to have dinner at our home in Kwun Tong. Dad said he would drive her but she wanted to take public transport. She moved to Toronto 12 years ago and this was the first time she had returned since she left. She wanted to know what Hong Kong is like now.

Aunt Annie planned to take the bus at first. She waited for a long time but the bus didn't come, so she caught a minibus to Mong Kok instead. Aunt Annie then took the MTR. She met an old friend at the station. They chatted so happily that she didn't realise she took the wrong line.

When she got off at Mei Foo station, she wanted to call us but she found that she forgot to bring her phone. Aunt Annie was worried because it was getting late. Suddenly, she saw a taxi and jumped in it immediately. She finally arrived at our home at 9 p.m. She said, 'Taxis in Canada are so expensive that I seldom take them. I totally forgot about this option! Ha ha!'

---

Unit 7: Yoga Classes

New World Yoga
Grand Opening
Monday, 31st August 20XX
Yoga classes for age 9 to 65

| Monday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 10.30-11.30 Beginner | 10.30-12.00 Intermediate | 10.30-11.30 Beginner | 12.00-1.00 Intermediate | 12.00-1.30 Intermediate | 3.00-4.00 Beginner |
| 12.00-1.30 Intermediate | 12.00-1.30 Intermediate | 12.30-1.30 Beginner | 12.00-1.30 Intermediate | 1.30-3.00 Intermediate | 4.30-6.00 Intermediate |
| 3.30-4.30 Senior | 3.30-4.30 Senior | 3.30-5.00 Intermediate | 3.30-4.30 Senior | 5.00-7.00 Advanced | |
| 5.00-7.00 Advanced | 5.00-7.00 Advanced | 5.30-7.00 Parent and Child | 5.00-7.00 Advanced | 7.30-8.30 Beginner | 6.30-8.30 Advanced |

*   Beginner Class: for people with less than one year of yoga experience
*   Intermediate Class: for people with at least one year of yoga experience
*   Advanced Class: for people with more than three years of yoga experience
*   Senior Class: for people over 50 with some yoga experience
*   Parent and Child Class: child must be at least 9 years old and with a parent

Opening Times:
Monday to Friday: 10 a.m. - 7.30 p.m.
Tuesday: Closed
Saturday and Sunday: 11.30 a.m. - 9 p.m.

302-306, Tsing Yi Town Plaza
4940 6288

---

Unit 8: Picasso

Pablo Picasso was one of the most famous artists in the twentieth century. His style of painting was very special and different from the classic style. Some of his well-known artworks include Three Musicians and Girl Before a Mirror.

Picasso was born in Spain in 1881. His father was an artist who liked to paint birds. When Picasso was seven, he had his first art lesson from his father. By the age of 13, his father realised that Picasso had already become a better artist than him. He decided to send Picasso to an art school in Madrid on his own when he was only 16.

In 1900, Picasso went to Paris to learn more about art. Sadly, his works didn't make any money at first so he was very poor. Luckily, his talent was later discovered and he started to earn money.

Picasso had two marriages. In 1918, he married Olga Khokhlova. Picasso met her when he was designing ballet costumes for a ballet company. Olga was one of the ballerinas. In 1961, Picasso married his second wife, Jacqueline Roque.

Picasso died in France in 1973 at the age of 91. Throughout his life, he produced over 50,000 pieces of artwork. A lot of his works are displayed in museums in Europe.

---

Unit 9: Air conditioning

Survey: Air Conditioning Usage in Households in Hong Kong

We did a survey to compare the use of air conditioners in households in Hong Kong. The green bars represent Hong Kong Island and Kowloon while the purple bars represent the New Territories. This is what we found:

[Chart showing air conditioning usage]

July, August and September had the highest average air conditioning usage because they are the hottest months. December, January and February are the coldest months so people don't use them as much.

---

Unit 10: Delicious pasta

Why eat pasta?

Pasta is a food made from flour. It is a major part of Italian cuisine. Pasta is a healthy food — it is a source of carbohydrate. Like bread and rice, pasta is a main source of your energy. It is also a good source of iron, vitamins and minerals, which are all necessary for good health.

Do you know there are nearly 400 different types of pasta, with interesting, beautiful shapes and names? Apart from spaghetti, which we are familiar with, there is linguine which is flat spaghetti. Some pasta is short, like penne, which looks like a tube. Fusilli looks like a spiral or a spring and farfalle looks like a pretty butterfly or bow.

Many delicious recipes use pasta because pasta goes well with many different sauces and ingredients. Some famous recipes include pasta with tomato sauce and carbonara which is a ham and cream sauce. You just have to explore different possibilities and use your creativity when planning a pasta dish!

Recommended daily serving for children

Children aged up to 10 years old should eat five servings of carbohydrates each day. One serving is a small bowl of rice, pasta or cereals.